Welcome back.
All right.
Don't get mad at me but I lied.
There's one other type that I need to show you.
And it's a new feature and typescript and it's called a union type.
This is a very simple one a union type is.
Well let me show you.
It's a lot confused and I'm confused because this variable can be a string or a number.
How do we do that.
Well with a union type and you can see this.
This is the shift and the button.
Right above my return key on a Mac.
It's this little line over here and I can say it can be a string or a number and I can say.
He calls hello.
I say this.
Everything still works.
If I do.
If I changed this to a number like 5.
It still works but if I change it to a boolean like true it will fail.
I was able to say it could be this or it could be this and I can keep changing them.
I can say this is also a boolean.
And that works as well.
Nice and easy union type.
It can be quite quite useful.
I'll see in the next one.